Task nxdoc 2451 document named parameters (#20)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-client-java: src/client-java/document.md

} while (documents.isNextPageAvailable());
```

> If you want to use queryParams, you can use the API below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use query params, you can use the API below:
```
?
